If you just followed in from the previous video,
you would have seen that we are
looking at all the node processes on my machine.
So if I do a ps auxww,
pipe that into grep and grep for node,
we can see a list of everything,
all the node processes running.
We were using awk to print a list of those process IDs.
From there, what I want to do is kill
each one of these processes.
The way that you would do this is kill
and then copy and paste, which is a bit kind of boring,
and then copy and paste again and again
and it would kill each one individual,
but wouldn't it be nice if we could pipe it to kill?
So, each one of these IDs is given directly to kill
and kill will just kill them for us.
Problem is kill doesn't work like that.
Kill expects the process ID as an argument
and not via standard in, so we can't pipe them together.
This is where xargs solve the problem for us.
What xargs will do
is take the content from standard in, so this output,
and it will put it as an argument
to whatever command we use.
So let's get rid of this.
We'll do xargs.
Echo is our command.
Then, what you have to imagine is
that all the output from this
is stuck on the end over here.
So I hit enter.
This is effectively typing or running
echo on all those IDs.
Now, using our knowledge of xargs, we can do kill
and it will put all of the process IDs at the end
as an argument to kill,
and it will kill all of the node processes.
If we just grep, you can see they're all gone.
The only thing here is the grep command I'm running.
So, xargs, really useful.
Basically, like I said, taking standard in,
chucking it on the end of the command that we want to use.
We also have a link that explains how to
position where you want the argument to go,
so you can kind of have more control over xargs.